Add examples for using Integration logging Resources and Data Sources (#400)
cyralinc/terraform-provider-cyral: docs/resources/integration_logging.md

Reviewer: I believe this file is generated? If not, see my comments on `examples/resources/cyral_integration_logging/resource.tf` and apply them here as well please.

Author: Yes, it is! Thanks!.

# cyral_integration_logging (Resource)

Manages a logging integration that can be used to push logs from Cyral to the corresponding logging system (E.g.: AWS CloudWatch, Splunk, SumoLogic, etc).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "cyral_integration_logging" "cloud_watch_integration" {
  name = "my-cloudwatch-integration"
  cloud_watch {
    region = "us-east-1"
    group  = "example-loggroup"
    stream = "example-logstream"
  }

> }

Author: The last one (fluentbit) worked just fine:

```
Terraform used the selected providers to generate the following execution plan. Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
  + create

Terraform will perform the following actions:

  # cyral_integration_logging.s3 will be created
  + resource "cyral_integration_logging" "s3" {
      + id                 = (known after apply)
      + name               = "my-s3"
      + receive_audit_logs = false

      + fluent_bit {
          + config = <<-EOT
                [OUTPUT]
                  Name s3
                  Match *
                  Region us-east-2
                  Bucket example-bucket
                  Total_file_size 1M
            EOT
        }
    }

  # cyral_sidecar.sidecar_fluent_bit will be created
  + resource "cyral_sidecar" "sidecar_fluent_bit" {
      + bypass_mode        = "failover"
      + deployment_method  = "terraform"
      + id                 = (known after apply)
      + log_integration_id = (known after apply)
      + name               = "my-sidecar"
    }

Plan: 2 to add, 0 to change, 0 to destroy.

Do you want to perform these actions?
  Terraform will perform the actions described above.
  Only 'yes' will be accepted to approve.

  Enter a value: yes

cyral_integration_logging.s3: Creating...
cyral_integration_logging.s3: Creation complete after 3s [id=XXXX]
cyral_sidecar.sidecar_fluent_bit: Creating...
cyral_sidecar.sidecar_fluent_bit: Creation complete after 2s [id=XXXX]

Apply complete! Resources: 2 added, 0 changed, 0 destroyed.
```

But the cloudwatch have a cycle dependency 🤔 . What we did before for this integration type ?

> }

Author: Addr here: [e01561e](https://github.com/cyralinc/terraform-provider-cyral/pull/400/commits/e01561e450d31f1f5c6b403f008187380325f6f8) created a custom name for the cloud_watch group 👍🏻

> }

Reviewer 2: > But the cloudwatch have a cycle dependency 🤔 . What we did before for this integration type ?
OMG. Indeed. I did not pay attention to that. 🤦 
My goal was to exemplify using the common name we use in our TF AWS EC2 module.

Use the following instead:

```
# Configures `my-sidecar` to push logs to CloudWatch to a log stream named `cyral-sidecar` in
# a log group created by our AWS EC2 module for deploying a sidecar.
locals {
    cloudwatch_log_group_name = "my-log-group"
}

resource "cyral_sidecar" "sidecar" {
    name = "my-sidecar"
    deployment_method = "terraform"
    log_integration_id = cyral_integration_logging. cloudwatch.id
}

resource "cyral_integration_logging" "cloudwatch" {
  name = "my-cloudwatch"
  cloud_watch {
    region = "us-east-1"
    group  = local.cloudwatch_log_group_name
    stream = "cyral-sidecar"
  }
}

module "cyral_sidecar" {
    source  = "cyralinc/sidecar-ec2/aws"  
    version = "~> 4.0"

    sidecar_version = ""
    sidecar_id      = cyral_sidecar.sidecar.id

    cloudwatch_log_group_name = local.cloudwatch_log_group_name
    ...
}
```

See the list of all the built-in log integrations in the resource schema.
More information can be found in our [public docs](https://cyral.com/docs/v4.7/integrations/siem/overview).

```terraform
# Configures `my-sidecar-cloudwatch` to push logs to CloudWatch to a log
# group named `cyral-example-loggroup` and a stream named `cyral-sidecar`.
locals {
  cloudwatch_log_group_name = "cyral-example-loggroup"
}

resource "cyral_sidecar" "sidecar" {
  name = "my-sidecar-cloudwatch"
  deployment_method = "terraform"
  log_integration_id = cyral_integration_logging.cloudwatch.id
}

resource "cyral_integration_logging" "cloudwatch" {
  name = "my-cloudwatch"
  cloudwatch {
    region = "us-east-1"
    group  = local.cloudwatch_log_group_name
    stream = "cyral-sidecar"
  }
}

resource "cyral_sidecar_credentials" "creds" {
  sidecar_id = cyral_sidecar.sidecar.id
}

module "cyral_sidecar" {
  source  = "cyralinc/sidecar-ec2/aws"
  version = "~> 4.0"

  sidecar_id      = cyral_sidecar.sidecar.id

  cloudwatch_log_group_name = local.cloudwatch_log_group_name

  client_id = cyral_sidecar_credentials.creds.client_id
  client_secret = cyral_sidecar_credentials.creds.client_secret

  ...
}
```

> ### Custom Integration
> 
> Custom log integrations can be defined using the `fluent_bit` block and providing output plugins.
> More information can be found in our [public docs](https://cyral.com/docs/v4.7/integrations/siem/overview)
> and in the official [Fluent Bit documentation](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fluent Bit

Advanced users can use the "Fluent Bit" logging integration to customize how the sidecar sends logs to their log management destination. Using the `fluent_bit`, users can provide a customized Fluent Bit configuration (in ["classic mode" INI format](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/classic-mode)), using any combination of filter and output plugins. More information can be found in our in the official Fluent Bit [documentation](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/concepts/data-pipeline) (see the "Filter" and "Output" sections).
```
